feat: remove alternative names (#5472)
golangci/golangci-lint: docs/src/docs/product/performance.mdx

Reviewer: Please modify also `architecture.mdx`: https://github.com/golangci/golangci-lint/blob/45f39cc1fc3c2c2288cfbb28b3e19d5cdf42a2b8/docs/src/docs/contributing/architecture.mdx?plain=1#L105

Author: The documentation will be modified later.

2. Smart linters scheduling

   We schedule linters by a special algorithm which takes estimated execution time into account. It allows

>    to save 10-30% of time when one of heavy linters (staticcheck, etc) is enabled.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
   to save 10-30% of time when one of heavy linters (e.g., staticcheck) is enabled.
```

3. Don't fork to run shell commands

> All linters have their version fixed with go modules, they are builtin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All linters have their versions fixed with Go modules, they are built-in,
```
